Docs about custom claims in MC gateway forwarded requests (#2783)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/content/concepts/integrate-with-your-own-api.mdx

- `Accept-version` (**required**): See [Versioning](#versioning).
- `X-Forward-To` (**required**): Set it to the external API URL.
- `X-Forward-To-Audience-Policy` (**required**): See [Configuring the audience policy](#configuring-the-audience-policy).

> - `X-Forward-To-Claims` (optional): See [Configuring custom claims](#configuring-custom-claims)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `X-Forward-To-Claims` (optional): See [Configuring custom claims](#configuring-custom-claims).
```

Author: Updated in this commit: 088fb79b95c5c8d8d309617db4f8f9f1a47da13b

- `forward-url-full-path`: `https://my-custom-app.com/api/123`
- `forward-url-origin`: `https://my-custom-app.com`

## Configuring custom claims

<Info>

> This feature is available from version `21.14.0` onwards.

Author: This will need to be adjusted once we know the actual version where we will release the feature.

Author: I moved it beneath the supported claims list.
Perhaps we can leave it like this and change it in the future, when we'll support more claims, to be more specific enumerating which version support which claim.

Updated in this commit: 088fb79b95c5c8d8d309617db4f8f9f1a47da13b

</Info>

This header can be used to make the Merchant Center API Gateway to include extra public claims in the exchange token sent along with forwarded requests.

> The value must be a list of the claims separated by an empty space.

Author: Not sure about this one since we agreed this header should use an empty space as claims separator in the RFC and it's how it's been implemented in the MC Gateway.

> The value must be a list of the claims separated by an empty space.

Reviewer: My bad sorry, I got confused. 🤦‍♂️

> Currently we support this optional claims:

Author: Updated in this commit: 088fb79b95c5c8d8d309617db4f8f9f1a47da13b

> * **permissions**: Will make the Merchant Center API Gateway to include the logged in Merchant Center user permissions.

Author: Updated in this commit: 088fb79b95c5c8d8d309617db4f8f9f1a47da13b

- `forward-url-full-path`: `https://my-custom-app.com/api/123`
- `forward-url-origin`: `https://my-custom-app.com`

## Configuring custom claims

Use the `X-Forward-To-Claims` header to make the Merchant Center API Gateway include extra public claims in the exchange token sent along with forwarded requests.

The value must be a list of the claims separated by a space.

The following claims are supported:

> * **permissions**: Optionally includes the list of applied permissions for the logged in user. The permission values are formatted as `can<permission-name>`, for example `canViewAvengers`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **permissions**: Includes the list of applied permissions for the logged-in user. The permission values are formatted as `can<permission-name>`, for example `canViewAvengers`.
```

Author: Updated in this commit: de6456d4b4d264a8a32fad053694126c2b29b304

> This header can be used to make the Merchant Center API Gateway to include extra public claims in the exchange token sent along with forwarded requests.
> 
> The value must be a list of the claims separated by an empty space.
> 
> The following claims are supported:
> * **permissions**: Optionally includes the list of applied permissions for the logged in user. The permission values are defined in the format `can<permission-name>`, for example `canViewAvengers`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `X-Forward-To-Claims` header to make the Merchant Center API Gateway include extra public claims in the exchange token sent along with forwarded requests.

The value must be a list of the claims separated by a space.

The following claims are supported:
* **permissions**: Optionally includes the list of applied permissions for the logged-in user. The permission values are formatted as `can<permission-name>`, for example `canViewAvengers`.
```

Author: Updated in this commit: 9d0903a0fd069c9b485bb1bde48621e7d29fddd1

> 
> ```
> "X-Forward-To-Claims": "permissions"
> ```
> 
> <Info>
> 
> This feature is available from version `21.14.0` onwards.
> 
> </Info>

Reviewer: Nit: since we are using a bullet list, we should indent these lines so that they appear correctly indented below the bullet point.

````suggestion

  ```
  "X-Forward-To-Claims": "permissions"
  ```

  <Info>

  This feature is available from version `21.14.0` onwards.

  </Info>
````

Author: Updated in this commit: 97804574d2708408fb60e045faf4f4fdb091ee6f

> You can find more information about how to include this header in the request using our helpers in the sections below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more about using this header in the helpers section below.
```

Author: Updated in this commit: 9d0903a0fd069c9b485bb1bde48621e7d29fddd1

  "aud": "<audience-url>",
  "type": "exchange",
  "<hostname>/claims/project_key": "<project-key>",

>   "<hostname>/claims/user_permissions": "<permission-1>,<permission-2>,...",

Author: Updated in this commit: 088fb79b95c5c8d8d309617db4f8f9f1a47da13b

- `iat`: This value represents the time at which the JWT was issued.
- `type`: This value is a **private claim** and is always set to `exchange`.
- `<iss>/claims/project_key`: This value represents the Project key that the request is associated to. The claim is a **public claim** prefixed by a collision-resistant namespace, as per the JWT specification.

> - `<iss>/claims/user_permissions` (optional): This value will contain a comma separated list of the permissions names the Merchant Center user which issued the requests has available. This is an optional feature you can opt-in by providing a custom header when sending the request from your Custom Application (see [Configuring custom claims](#configuring-custom-claims)).

Author: Updated in this commit: 088fb79b95c5c8d8d309617db4f8f9f1a47da13b

> - `iat`: This value represents the time at which the JWT was issued.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `iat`: **issued at** represents the time at which the JWT was issued.
```

Author: Updated in this commit: c8053312999955e37e23bc1c73a9fb8896af5314

- `type`: This value is a **private claim** and is always set to `exchange`.

> - `<iss>/claims/project_key`: This value represents the Project key that the request is associated to. The claim is a **public claim** prefixed by a collision-resistant namespace, as per the JWT specification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `<iss>/claims/project_key`: Represents the Project key associated with the request. The claim is a **public claim** prefixed by a collision-resistant namespace, as per the JWT specification.
```

Author: Updated in this commit: c8053312999955e37e23bc1c73a9fb8896af5314

> - `<iss>/claims/user_permissions` (optional): This value contains a list of the permissions names that are applied to the given logged in user. See [Configuring custom claims](#configuring-custom-claims). The claim is a **public claim** prefixed by a collision-resistant namespace, as per the JWT specification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `<iss>/claims/user_permissions` (optional): Contains a list of permissions names are applied to the logged-in user. See [Configuring custom claims](#configuring-custom-claims). The claim is a **public claim** prefixed by a collision-resistant namespace, as per the JWT specification.
```

Author: Here you are suggesting to get rid of the prefix "This value" (as well as for the `project_key` claim) but we use this prefix in other claims:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/97907068/187694813-f5aa7630-b76a-4133-bd89-6221e3fc6494.png)

So, if you find that prefix needs to be removed, we would need to remove from all of its 4 usages, right?

Reviewer 2: @CarlosCortizasCT I agree, and that's why added more changes to the PR where I think we can remove `This value`

Author: @Anshuman71 Ok. So you provided changes for "iat", "project_key" and "user_permissions" but not for **type** Does it mean you don't think we should change?

Reviewer 2: Yes, because it's a simpler sentence.

Author: Updated in this commit: c8053312999955e37e23bc1c73a9fb8896af5314
